javaproject/demo/repository/OrderRepository.java
 javaproject.demo.repository.OrderRepository
javaproject/demo/controller/WorkerController.java
 javaproject.demo.controller.WorkerController
javaproject/demo/service/supplier/interfaces/ISupplierService.java
 javaproject.demo.service.supplier.interfaces.ISupplierService
javaproject/demo/dto/SupplierResponse.java
 javaproject.demo.dto.SupplierResponse
javaproject/demo/controller/ClientController.java
 javaproject.demo.controller.ClientController
javaproject/demo/entities/Worker.java
 javaproject.demo.entities.Worker
 javaproject.demo.entities.Worker$WorkerBuilder
javaproject/demo/service/supplier/impls/SupplierService.java
 javaproject.demo.service.supplier.impls.SupplierService
javaproject/demo/service/worker/impls/WorkerService.java
 javaproject.demo.service.worker.impls.WorkerService
javaproject/demo/mapper/ProductMapper.java
 javaproject.demo.mapper.ProductMapper
javaproject/demo/dto/ProductResponse.java
 javaproject.demo.dto.ProductResponse
javaproject/demo/dto/ClientResponse.java
 javaproject.demo.dto.ClientResponse
javaproject/demo/repository/ProductRepository.java
 javaproject.demo.repository.ProductRepository
javaproject/demo/dto/SupplierRequest.java
 javaproject.demo.dto.SupplierRequest
javaproject/demo/service/worker/interfaces/IWorkerService.java
 javaproject.demo.service.worker.interfaces.IWorkerService
javaproject/demo/dto/ProductRequest.java
 javaproject.demo.dto.ProductRequest
javaproject/demo/repository/ClientRepository.java
 javaproject.demo.repository.ClientRepository
javaproject/demo/service/order/impls/OrderService.java
 javaproject.demo.service.order.impls.OrderService
javaproject/demo/entities/Supplier.java
 javaproject.demo.entities.Supplier
 javaproject.demo.entities.Supplier$SupplierBuilder
javaproject/demo/entities/Client.java
 javaproject.demo.entities.Client
 javaproject.demo.entities.Client$ClientBuilder
javaproject/demo/service/client/interfaces/IClientService.java
 javaproject.demo.service.client.interfaces.IClientService
javaproject/demo/TechnicsApplication.java
 javaproject.demo.TechnicsApplication
javaproject/demo/entities/Order.java
 javaproject.demo.entities.Order
 javaproject.demo.entities.Order$OrderBuilder
javaproject/demo/dto/OrderResponse.java
 javaproject.demo.dto.OrderResponse
javaproject/demo/service/product/impls/ProductService.java
 javaproject.demo.service.product.impls.ProductService
javaproject/demo/service/order/interfaces/IOrderService.java
 javaproject.demo.service.order.interfaces.IOrderService
javaproject/demo/service/client/impls/ClientService.java
 javaproject.demo.service.client.impls.ClientService
javaproject/demo/configuration/SwaggerConfig.java
 javaproject.demo.configuration.SwaggerConfig
javaproject/demo/repository/SupplierRepository.java
 javaproject.demo.repository.SupplierRepository
javaproject/demo/controller/SupplierController.java
 javaproject.demo.controller.SupplierController
javaproject/demo/dto/ClientRequest.java
 javaproject.demo.dto.ClientRequest
javaproject/demo/repository/WorkerRepository.java
 javaproject.demo.repository.WorkerRepository
javaproject/demo/entities/Product.java
 javaproject.demo.entities.Product
 javaproject.demo.entities.Product$ProductBuilder
javaproject/demo/mapper/SupplierMapper.java
 javaproject.demo.mapper.SupplierMapper
javaproject/demo/service/product/interfaces/IProductService.java
 javaproject.demo.service.product.interfaces.IProductService
javaproject/demo/controller/ProductController.java
 javaproject.demo.controller.ProductController
javaproject/demo/controller/OrderController.java
 javaproject.demo.controller.OrderController
javaproject/demo/mapper/ClientMapper.java
 javaproject.demo.mapper.ClientMapper
